#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.8
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
anyio==3.6.2
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
asttokens==2.2.1
    # via stack-data
attrs==21.4.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   markdown-it-py
babel==2.12.1
    # via jupyterlab-server
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.12.1
    # via nbconvert
bleach==6.0.0
    # via nbconvert
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.1.0
    # via requests
colour-science==0.3.16
    # via -r requirements.in
comm==0.1.3
    # via ipykernel
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
debugpy==1.6.7
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
entrypoints==0.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbconvert
executing==1.2.0
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.16.3
    # via nbformat
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   requests
imageio==2.27.0
    # via colour-science
importlib-metadata==6.1.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
importlib-resources==5.12.0
    # via jsonschema
ipykernel==6.22.0
    # via
    #   ipympl
    #   ipywidgets
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
ipympl==0.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
ipython==8.12.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
ipyvue==1.9.0
    # via ipyvuetify
ipyvuetify==1.8.1
    # via -r requirements.in
ipywidgets==7.6.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipympl
    #   ipyvue
jedi==0.18.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
json5==0.9.11
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonschema==4.17.3
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jupyter-client==7.4.9
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
    #   voila
jupyter-core==5.3.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
jupyter-server==1.23.6
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook-shim
    #   voila
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.22.0
    # via voila
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.7
    # via ipywidgets
jupytext==1.13.0
    # via -r requirements.in
kiwisolver==1.4.4
    # via matplotlib
lxml==4.9.2
    # via nbconvert
markdown-it-py==1.1.0
    # via
    #   jupytext
    #   mdit-py-plugins
markupsafe==2.1.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib==3.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipympl
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdit-py-plugins==0.3.5
    # via jupytext
mistune==0.8.4
    # via nbconvert
nbclassic==0.5.5
    # via notebook
nbclient==0.5.13
    # via
    #   nbconvert
    #   voila
nbconvert==6.5.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   voila
nbformat==5.8.0
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupytext
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
notebook==6.5.4
    # via widgetsnbextension
notebook-shim==0.2.2
    # via nbclassic
numpy==1.22.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   scipy
packaging==23.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==9.5.0
    # via
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
pkgutil-resolve-name==1.3.10
    # via jsonschema
platformdirs==3.2.0
    # via jupyter-core
prometheus-client==0.16.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.38
    # via ipython
psutil==5.9.4
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pygments==2.14.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via matplotlib
pyrsistent==0.19.3
    # via jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
pytz==2023.3
    # via babel
pyyaml==6.0
    # via jupytext
pyzmq==25.0.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
requests==2.28.2
    # via jupyterlab-server
scipy==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   colour-science
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   colour-science
    #   python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.4
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.2
    # via ipython
terminado==0.17.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
toml==0.10.2
    # via jupytext
tornado==6.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
traitlets==5.9.0
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   voila
typing-extensions==4.5.0
    # via ipython
urllib3==1.26.15
    # via requests
voila==0.3.5
    # via -r requirements.in
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.5.1
    # via jupyter-server
websockets==11.0.1
    # via voila
widgetsnbextension==3.5.2
    # via ipywidgets
zipp==3.15.0
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources
