anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-server
argon2-cffi==25.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   isoduration
asttokens==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   stack-data
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
autopep8==2.3.2
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
babel==2.17.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jupyterlab-server
beautifulsoup4==4.13.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   nbconvert
bleach==6.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   nbconvert
certifi==2025.6.15
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   argon2-cffi-bindings
cfgv==3.4.0
    # via pre-commit
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   empack
    #   typer
cloudpickle==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   doit
colour-science==0.4.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
comm==0.2.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
contourpy==1.3.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   matplotlib
debugpy==1.8.14
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.2.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   nbconvert
distlib==0.3.9
    # via virtualenv
doit==0.36.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jupyterlite-core
empack==5.1.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jupyterlite-xeus
executing==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.21.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   nbformat
filelock==3.18.0
    # via virtualenv
flake8==7.3.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
fonttools==4.58.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
identify==2.6.12
    # via pre-commit
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   anyio
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
imageio==2.37.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   colour-science
importlib-metadata==8.7.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   doit
iniconfig==2.1.0
    # via pytest
ipykernel==6.29.5
    # via nbmake
ipympl==0.9.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
ipython==9.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipympl
    #   ipywidgets
ipython-pygments-lexers==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   ipython
ipyvue==1.11.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   ipyvuetify
ipyvuetify==1.11.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
ipywidgets==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipympl
    #   ipyvue
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
jedi==0.19.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   ipython
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
json5==0.12.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
jsonschema==4.24.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2025.4.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
jupyter-client==8.6.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   voila
jupyter-core==5.8.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlite-core
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   voila
jupyter-events==0.12.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-server
jupyter-server==2.16.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   voila
jupyter-server-terminals==0.5.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-server
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.27.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   voila
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.15
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   ipywidgets
jupyterlite-core==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jupyterlite-xeus
    #   voici-core
jupyterlite-xeus==3.1.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   voici
jupytext==1.17.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
kiwisolver==1.4.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   matplotlib
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jupytext
    #   mdit-py-plugins
    #   rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib==3.10.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipympl
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via flake8
mdit-py-plugins==0.4.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jupytext
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   markdown-it-py
mistune==3.1.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   nbconvert
nbclient==0.10.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbmake
    #   voila
nbconvert==7.16.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-server
    #   voila
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupytext
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbmake
nbmake==1.5.5
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via ipykernel
networkx==3.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   empack
nodeenv==1.9.1
    # via pre-commit
numpy==2.2.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   colour-science
    #   contourpy
    #   imageio
    #   ipympl
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   scipy
overrides==7.7.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-server
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   jupytext
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   pytest
pandas==2.3.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   nbconvert
parso==0.8.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jedi
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   ipython
pillow==11.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   imageio
    #   ipympl
    #   matplotlib
platformdirs==4.3.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   empack
    #   jupyter-core
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.6.0
    # via pytest
pre-commit==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
prometheus-client==0.22.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.51
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   ipython
psutil==7.0.0
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   stack-data
pycodestyle==2.14.0
    # via
    #   autopep8
    #   flake8
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   cffi
pyflakes==3.4.0
    # via flake8
pygments==2.19.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   ipython
    #   ipython-pygments-lexers
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbmake
    #   pytest
    #   rich
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   matplotlib
pytest==8.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   nbmake
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-json-logger==3.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-events
pytz==2025.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   empack
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlite-xeus
    #   jupytext
    #   pre-commit
    #   watchdog
pyzmq==27.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
requests==2.32.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   empack
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   jupyterlite-xeus
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rich==14.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   typer
rpds-py==0.26.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
scipy==1.14.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   colour-science
send2trash==1.8.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-server
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   typer
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   anyio
soupsieve==2.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   ipython
terminado==0.18.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
tinycss2==1.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   bleach
tornado==6.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   terminado
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipympl
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlite-xeus
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   voila
typer==0.16.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   empack
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20250516
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   arrow
typing-extensions==4.14.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   colour-science
    #   typer
tzdata==2025.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   pandas
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   requests
virtualenv==20.31.2
    # via pre-commit
voici==0.8.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
voici-core==0.8.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   voici
voila==0.5.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   voici-core
watchdog==6.0.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
webcolors==24.11.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-server
websockets==15.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   voila
widgetsnbextension==4.0.14
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   ipywidgets
zipp==3.23.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   importlib-metadata
